# A PC is represented as:

* name - Open string representing the character name
level - a numeric value rangin from 1-10, representing the characters progress

* ability scores - This list of six attributes is represented by a positive
    number. Many other aspects of the character increase, decrease, or otherwise
    modify these numbers. They are also used to compute numerous secondary values.
    These abilities include:
  * strength
  * dexterity
  * wisdom
  * intelligence
  * charisma
  * constitution

* race - Chosen from an enumerated list of options. Each race provides a +2 bonus
  to one of the ability scores.

* class - Chosen from an enumerated list of options. Each class provides a +2
  bonus to one of the abilitys cores.

* One Unique Thing - An open text string that explains what makes this character
  unique within the fiction of the game world.

* Icon Relationships - Represents the relationship a character has with the
  icons of the game fiction. A relationship can be either positive, conflicted,
  or negative. This is represented by a map with each icon as the key as the
  associated type and value of the relationship following.

  ```JavaScript
  {
    'emporer': [1, 'positive'],
    'lich king': [1, 'negative'],
    'arch mage': [1, 'conflicted']
  }
  ```

## Seconary Stats
Secondary stats are values that are computed from the primary stats.

* Ability Modifiers - For each ability score there is an associated ability mod.
  This is computed by subtracting 10 from the score and dividing by 2.

* Combat stats - stats used primarily for combat
  * HP - the health of the character, represented as a number. > 0 indicates the
    character is alive. < 0 means they are either unconscious or dead. Death is
    determined by them having a negative HP with an absolute value greater than
    half their max HP.
  * Max HP - The highest natural value the characters health can climb to
    without modifiers.
  * AC (Armor Class) - A number represented the character defense using armor.
    Computed as the base class AC + AC modifier + level
  * AC Modifier - A number derived from the middle of con/dex/wis modifiers
  * PD (Physical Defense) - A number representing the character defense using
    their raw physical resistentce (e.g. poison, etc.). It is computed as the
    classes base PD + PD modifier + level.
  * PD Modifier - A number derived from the middle of str/con/dex
  * MD (Mental Defense) - A number representing the character defense using
    their mental ability (e.g. physicic attacks, etc.). It is computed as the
    classes base MD + MD modifier + level.
  * MD Modifier - A number derived from the middle of int/wis/cha + level.
  * Initiative - A number that modifies the initiative roll at the beginnig of
    combat. Computed as dex modifier + level.
  * Recoveries - A number that represents the number of times a character can
    rally or self-heal. It is determiend by the class.
  * Recovery Dice - The dice the player rolls to determine how much they heal.
    It is determined by the class.
